---
slug: Duluth2024
title: Duluth 2024
authors:
  - name: Augie
    title: "[REDACTED]"
tags: [competition season, competitions]
---
Hello! I will be using the usual highlight-long version format. Anyway, the highlights:
* We placed second in the rankings. 
* We placed second in the playoffs. 
* We won the Team Spirit award, which I am beginning to think is the 'loudest' award. 
* All of the subsystems were functional, but the planned autoaim was not. 

<!--truncate-->
# Technical Stuff 
* Added ability to shoot from the rear pillars of the stage.
* Added operator control to rev up shooter. 
* Autoshoot altered to be able to shoot from any of a list of set positions.
* Added more positions.
* Created stator and current limits to stop the robot from tripping a fuse.
* Commented out unused odometry reset button. 
* Altered shooter command to use current limit, and decreased current limit. 
# Event Stuff
* We ended up ranked second, with a win/loss ratio of 7/2. Both matches where we lost a note got stuck under the shooter and we were forced to play defense. 
* We selected team 2129 Ultraviolet and team 6758 Otternauts for our playoffs alliance. Due to our color of choice also being purple, our alliance was named the Purple Otter alliance.
* We maintained an unbroken winning streak until the finals, where we lost both matches. 
* Lunches were routinely sandwiches. Dinner was sandwiches the first night, curry Thursday, pasta and chili Friday, and fast food on the way back.
* Everyone got little wooden medalions with the team logo on them. They were to be used for knocking on wood for luck, and handed out to members of other teams we saw who were behaving well. I lost one and gave a second to the bus driver. 
* Bizzarely enough, it was actually warm enough to spend time outside. I spent a lot of time during Friday and Saturday on a balcony overlooking Lake Superior. 