---
slug: 24BW4T
title: Slump
authors:
  - name: Augie
    title: "[REDACTED]"
tags: [build season]
---
Wonder of wonders, horror of horrors, it's a slow day today. The tasks available were either easily completed or out of our hands. But programming did still occur, and here is the list:
* Climber fix (Me, Rowan): The climber now has an emergancy down button. It's supposed to let us cancel the slow climb command if the alignment misses. 
* Misc Subsystem Fixes (Xiaohan, Serena): There were a few other minor fixes that need to be done. The indexer needed to be switched to a one-motor setup, and the shooter adjusted to use right and left instead of top and bottom motors. 
* Sensor work (Rowan): We now have a sensor that lets the robot tell if something is in front of it. 
* Named Command Work (Me, Rowan): For whatever reason, the named commands in Pathplanner aren't working. Rowan did a bunch of testing to try and figure out where the error was, while I just made a ChiefDelphi account and posted our problem there. Then Rowan found out that our problem might not actually exist, fixed the thing causing the error in the one specific command that just so happened to be the only one we could run, and I deleted the post. (The specific problem was that the command required an intake, which the robot did not have.)
* Shooter Angle Work (Griffin, Davey, Serena(?)): The bits that aimed the shooter needed to be seperated from the actually shooty bit. They spent several hours trying to refactor everything around the new subsystem division, and then made some aiming commands. 
* Xbox Controller Work (Xiaohan): Xiaohan decided to give our code Xbox controller functionality as well as PS4 controller functionality. I'm not sure why.

I also made a paper airplane. 